[Draft] Add translation guide draft as if this project was converted to gettext (#348)
MewPurPur/GodSVG: translations/readme.md

## Translations

> You can help by contributing to translation(s)! Don't worry, even if you totally new to software translations, this guide got you covered!
> 
> It's recommended to use [Poedit](https://poedit.net/download/) to work on translation, but using nothing other then [text editor](#working-on-translation-without-additional-tools) is also valid. 

Reviewer: I believe the intro section should have be a general quick overview of the system.

```suggestion
For translations, GodSVG uses gettext. To edit translations, it's recommended to use [Poedit](https://poedit.net/download/), but using a simple text editor is also a viable option.

[Introduction into the translation system, like what .po and .pot files are]
```

#### Generating up-to-date pot file

Before proceeding, regenerate `pot` file.

1. Open Godot and GodSVG project in it.

2. Go to toolbar, `Project Settings...`

![](screenshots/13_toolbar.png)

3. `Localization` -> `POT Generation` -> `Generate POT`

![](screenshots/14_navigate_to_pot_generation.png)

> 4. You will be prompted to save `pot` file. Overwrite `GodSVG.pot` with it.

Reviewer: This section should be able to be outsourced to the Godot docs.

#### Make Godot recognize new language

In case you adding new language, you need make Godot recognize your translation.

1. Go to toolbar, `Project Settings...`

![](screenshots/13_toolbar.png)

2. `Localization` -> `Translations` -> `Add...`

![](screenshots/15_navigate_to_po_adding.png)

> You will be prompted to provide `po` file of your translation.

Reviewer: This section should also be outsourced to the Godot docs.
